docs: Add a note about systemd 245 rp_filter issue (#13717)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/system_requirements.rst

          Linux distribution that works well, please let us know by opening a
          GitHub issue or by creating a pull request that updates this guide.

.. note:: Systemd 245 and above overrides ``rp_filter`` setting of Cilium network interfaces.
          This introduces connectivity issues (see `GH-10645 <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/issues/10645>`_
          for details). To avoid that, the following can be run:

          .. code:: bash

              echo 'net.ipv4.conf.lxc*.rp_filter = 0' >> /etc/sysctl.d/90-override.conf
              systemctl restart systemd-sysctl

> 

Reviewer: Add somewhere how can the users check for the version:
```
systemctl --version
```

          Linux distribution that works well, please let us know by opening a
          GitHub issue or by creating a pull request that updates this guide.

.. note:: Systemd 245 and above (``systemctl --version``) overrides ``rp_filter`` setting
          of Cilium network interfaces. This introduces connectivity issues (see

>           `GH-10645 <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/issues/10645>`_ for details). To
>           avoid that, the following can be run:

Reviewer 2: nit, better to avoid passive tense. Rather than "the following can be run", "run the following".

```suggestion
          `GH-10645 <https://github.com/cilium/cilium/issues/10645>`_ for details). To
          avoid that, configure rp_filter in systemd using the following commands:
```

          .. code:: bash

>               echo 'net.ipv4.conf.lxc*.rp_filter = 0' >> /etc/sysctl.d/90-override.conf

Reviewer 3: I think it's nicer to put these in a separate file really, and shouldn't `cilium_*` interfaces have this setting also?

Here's what I did earlier and it worked well: https://github.com/cilium/cilium/issues/10645#issuecomment-707215056

Author: Interesting, in my case it works fine when only `lxc*` is blacklisted. What is your configuration? Have you tried w/o `cilium_*`?

Reviewer 3: No, I've not tried, but my understanding was that Cilium's intention was to disable `rp_filter` everywhere.

Reviewer 3: When I search for references to `rp_filter`, I find multiple things: https://github.com/cilium/cilium/search?q=rp_filter

I am actually not so sure what to make of it. I guess its possible that it matters to `lxc_*` interfaces.
